# EmotionalUpdating Folder Description
- This folder contains all code and data associated with the manuscript and is submitted alongside the paper "Dynamic emotional updating as a computational marker of well-being" (Nagar., et al). Below is a detailed description of the folder structure and contents.

## "oneSessionData" Folder:
- Contains all data for the main study (single-session experiment).

###	"HighMoodCon" Folder:
- A folder containing 79 CSV files (one per participant) for the High Mood Target condition (85%).

###	"LowMoodCon" Folder:
- A folder containing 79 CSV files (one per participant) for the Low Mood Target condition (30%).

###	"HighMoodCon_preprocessing" File:
- A CSV file containing all participants' data from the High Mood Target condition after preprocessing.
- Generated by running "OneSession_Preprocessing" code.

###	"LowMoodCon_preprocessing" File:
- A CSV file containing all participants' data from the Low Mood Target condition after preprocessing.
- Generated by running "OneSession_Preprocessing" code.

###	"HighMoodCon_ParticipantSummary" File:
- An Excel file summarizing all participants in the High condition.
- Each row is a participant, and the columns are: participant ID ("participant "), mood ratings standard deviation ("Ratings_ST"), mood ratings mean ("Ratings_Mean"), first momentary mood rating ("Rating_first"), task RPE standard deviation ("RPE_ST"), mean task RPE values ("RPE_Mean"), CESD-10 score ("CESD_10_score"), mean choice reaction time ("ChoiceRT_Mean"), gamble percentages ("gamble_percentages"), number of missing gamble choices ("MissingChoices_Count"), mood ratings range ("range"), difference between last three and first three mood ratings ("Gap_3Ratings"), difference between second half and first half mood ratings ("Gap_HalfRatings").

###	"LowMoodCon_ParticipantSummary" File:
- An Excel file summarizing all participants in the Low condition.
- Each row is a participant, and the columns are as in section 1.5.

### "HighCon_ALLResults" File:
- A CSV file containing participants summary data plus the Primacy Mood Model parameters for the High condition.
- Includes all columns from section 1.5 and: Group (low/high symptoms) , m0, Lam, betaP (Primacy influence of early events), betaR (Recency influence of most recent events), mean amounts of wins ("winAmountAVG"),  mean amounts of losses ("loseAmountAVG") and MSE.
- Generated by running "OneSession_PrimacyMoodModel_Analysis" code.

###	"LowCon_ALLResults" File:
- A CSV file containing participants summary data plus the Primacy Mood Model parameters for the Low condition.
- Includes all columns from section 1.7.
- Generated by running "OneSession_PrimacyMoodModel_Analysis" code.

###	"HighCon_ALLResults_z" File:
- A CSV file containing participants summary data plus the Primacy Mood Model parameters after Z-score normalization of input variables, for the High condition.
- Includes all columns from section 1.7, and generated by running "OneSession_PrimacyMoodModel_Analysis_Z" code.

###	"LowCon_ALLResults_z" File:
- A CSV file containing participants summary data plus the Primacy Mood Model parameters after Z-score normalization of input variables, for the Low condition.
- Includes all columns from section 1.7, and generated by running "OneSession_PrimacyMoodModel_Analysis_Z" code.


## "twoSessionsData" Folder:
- Contains all data for the test-retest study (two-sessions experiment). Include only participants who completed both sessions in the closed-loop task from Jangraw et al., 2023 open-access dataset.

###	"SessionOne_ParticipantsRatings" File:
- An Excel file containing participants' mood ratings across the first session. 

###	"SessionTwo_ParticipantsRatings" File:
-An Excel file containing participants' mood ratings across the second session. 

###	"ModelResults" File:
- An Excel file containing the Primacy Mood Model parameters for each participant in each session, with the following columns: m0, Lam, betaP (Primacy influence of early events), betaR (Recency influence of most recent events), mean amounts of wins ("winAmountAVG"),  mean amounts of losses ("loseAmountAVG"), MSE, participant ID ("participant_id"), number of session ("round").


## "OneSession_Preprocessing" Code:
- Python script performing preprocessing for the participants' data from the main study (single-session experiment): merging all participants' files, linear interpolation of missing mood ratings, organizing variables, and computing each participant's CESD-10 score.
- This script should be run first. 


## "OneSession_StatisticalAnalysis" Code:
- Python script performing all statistical analyses reported in the paper for the main study, including condition comparison, mean ratings over time plots, t-test (between groups, within groups, and between conditions), and correlation analyses.


## "OneSession_PrimacyMoodModel_Analysis" Code:
- Python script applying the Primacy Mood Model to each participant for the main study and preforming statistical analyses reported in the paper (correlations, regression) on the model parameters.


## "OneSession_PrimacyMoodModel_Analysis_z" Code:
- Same code from section 5, but after applying Z-score normalization to the model input variables.


## "TwoSession_Analysis" Code:
- Python script preforming statistical analyses, reported in the paper, on the test-retest study (two-sessions experiment), including model results.
